1. Compiling with ant 

a. cd {folder with build.xml}

b. Check the paths for libraries inside the file build.xml. By default, the jung libraries are placed in the lib folder; if you use another folder, change the corresponding paths in build.xml.
Obs: In some cases, also the path for javaws.jar from your installed jre or jdk is necessary. Uncomment the corresponding line in build.xml and put its path.

c. In the same folder with build.xml run
     ant     
       or
     ant -f build.xml
It will compile all the classes in src folder and put the results in bin folder.

If you want to clean previously compiled classes, you can use
    ant clean

d. If you want to create the jar file, run
    ant dist
 It will create a jar file containing all the classes, without the necessary libraries.


2. Running 

a. In order to run as a standalone application, do the steps a,b,c from compiling phase and after that run
   ant DsrDraw
from the same folder with build.xml
   
Obs1: In the standalone way, the export to Latex functionality will not work.
Obs2. The input reactions are mentioned inside the file build.xml in the target DsrDraw in the arg element

  <arg line="&quot;a&lt;--&gt;b.a+2bc23&lt;--3c.&quot;" /> 
        means a<-->b and a + 2bc23 <-- 3c

The input format for reactions:  
 - Each reaction is followed by the sign . (dot)
 - The direction of the reaction is mentioned by the signs less and greater, that are mentioned with &lt; , respectively &gt;
 - Use &quot; at the beginning of the reactions and in the end.

 
b. Run with javaws - with complete functionality. 

cd {folder of build xml}
ant dist

and 
  i.  update the path inside dsr1.jnlp
  ii. run    javaws dst1.jnlp

Obs: The reactions can be added inside the file dsr1.jnlp in the argument element. The format is the same as described above, except for the last point (&quot is not needed).

3. When running with Eclipse IDE 
- create a Java project from an Existing project indicating the folder Dsr
or
-  create a new Java Project
-  import the java classes from the src folder
-  from the properties of the project, change the BuildPath by adding the libraries from jung:
     jung-algorithms-2.0.1.jar
     jung-api-2.0.1.jar
     jung-graph-impl-2.0.1.jar
     jung-visualization-2.0.1.jar
- build the project (by default, Eclipse builds it automatically
- create a RunConfiguration with main class DsrDraw and arguments the reactions
